sort: expand short flags, improve field separator example (#5233)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/sort.md

> `sort -n {{path/to/file}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sort --numeric-sort {{path/to/file}}`
```

> - Sort the passwd file by the 3rd field, numerically and using ":" as a field separator:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Sort `/etc/passwd` by the 3rd field of each line numerically, using ":" as a field separator:
```

> `sort -t: -k 3n /etc/passwd`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sort --field-separator={{:}} --key={{3n}} {{/etc/passwd}}`
```
